{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green40\blue87;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh13480\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0\fs40 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
As a businessman I request a list of functionality to be implemented and I want it to look sexy in a certain app. but as an engineer I will aware this businessman with some features, tips and ideas that will help his app to be better in future and for the time being. \

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\f0\fs40 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
- Please list non-functional requirements and other features in your mind that if we add to any app in general will improve the UX, performance, user behavior, etc.... \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f1\fs28 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 App UX and user behaviour - \
1. While designing we need to take care that we abide by Apple HIG(Human Interface Guidelines). Also the widgets and elements we use while app UX designing should be in compliance with the Apple HIG especially when we are submitting the app to the app store\
2. The UI should be intuitive i.e a user should not get confused and if we are using any complex gestures an initial tutorial.\
3. These days most of the apps use flat design and flat gradients.\
4. While using complex gestures we should not mix up too many gestures in one screen. That might confuse the user. \
5. While designing we need to consider the tap reach of a user while holding the phone. Say if a button is placed at the top right corner user might have to traverse his/her finger more in order to tap it.\
6. Data presentation should be clear. And minimalistic design is a plus. We should not load too much content in a single screen which might be difficult for the user to absorb.\
\
Performance : \
1. Data fetch tasks where any kind of web services is involved should be asynchronous and shall not block user by any chance or show a indication that data is loading. We can do lazy loading.\
2. Before presenting a controller we should try to load the data required for painting the same before hand. This improves usability.\
3. While using any third party libraries or frameworks we need to be careful whether it has proper documentation and forums if in case we face any problems.\
4. Although ARC is there, we still need to profile our code for any memory leaks before pushing it to production.\
5. While executing background tasks, when our app goes to background state, we should be very careful not to execute heavy requests.\
6. The app should be power efficient and not drain too much battery.\
7. The base of the project is very important. If the base is built using good design patterns then it is always easy to add additional functionality to the app and scale it.
\f0\fs40 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\f1\fs28 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
}